<<<<<<< HEAD
# Stochastic Order-Redistribution Problem with Integrated Vehicle Routing

In this work, we address a commonly observed supply chain problem and propose new thinking approach towards solving it. A company operates a set of warehouses or \textbf{distribution centers (DC)} located in multiple geographical locations. \textbf{Each DC has a recurring demand for a set of products in a multi-period time horizon, and the demand for any one product in any time period is stochastic}. For a given time period, the exact order amount demanded at every DC is realized or known at the very start of the time period only and must be fulfilled by the end of that period. From the view point of any DC, two types of suppliers are considered: (1) \textbf{primary suppliers} that are located in either far off places like international suppliers, or, the domestic ones that have large lead times for product delivery, and (2) \textbf{secondary suppliers}, for e.g. from the viewpoint of order fulfillment at a particular DC, other DCs within the same parent company can used as buffer points and the inventory from such can be re-directed. Conventionally, the importance of utilizing secondary suppliers is often overlooked, but it deserves more attention, especially when a shortfall of order fulfillment can not be compensated through any primary supplier within a short time span. 

For a given time period, the decision making is divided into two stages in order of sequence: (1) \textbf{order phase}, and (2) \textbf{re-distribution phase}. During the order phase, a DC places a shipment order for an assortment of products (anticipating future demand) with a particular primary supplier, upon which the shipment is received at it after a couple of time periods. It is assumed here for the sake of simplicity that one supplier can deliver only a single shipment in a time period to its receiving DC. During the re-distribution phase, the demand for each product at its corresponding DC is realized or known exactly, and recourse decisions are made to compensate for any un-fulfilled demand at any DC in the network. This brings us to the role of secondary suppliers. A DC not only acts as a demand point but also serves as a supply point for other DCs in the network. Re-routing or re-distribution of products is accomplished using a fleet of vehicles. During the re-distribution phase, after deciding upon how much to pick and/or deliver at individual DCs, the routing decision making problem is what is known in literature as \textbf{Pickup and Delivery Vehicle Routing Problems with Time Windows (PDVRPTW)}.
=======
# Multi-stage order redistirbution problem (stochastic demands)
1. We address a commonly observed scenario in a supply chain of some company wherein the company operates a set of warehouses or distribution centers (DCs) located in different geographi- cal locations. Each DC has a recurring demand for a set of products in a multi-period time horizon, and a demand for any one product in any time period is stochastic and scenario based.
2. Usually, one overlooks the importance of secondary suppliers (like the other DCs under the same company that can be used as transfer points or inventory buffers) in meeting shortfall of demands, but this case deserves attention, especially when a shortfall of demands occurs (owing to prior decisions) and can not be met from primary suppliers (such as international or long distance domestic suppliers or ones which have high lead times for product delivery) in short time spans.
>>>>>>> 9cf955a07400b92af51bac14bdc05f71ef2a9c79
